Halli hello again from me here
at let's play the simson springfield
once back from me again I
briefly returns from the holiday and
make a little mini episode after he
in the last episode a very hard one
Saved money was right
Let's have a look
Of course now not much to do, we
have the funny planks here
built up the tasks from feeling that is
yes not so bad not so
bad that we are a little bit more
have space on our little bridge
then we can also directly here
already finished the two build or
maybe you can also have to do it on
every fall in the water is okay then
it should be like that then you have to stop by
Run water from rows or as well
always be no matter
Let's just do it like that and yes me
Actually , I only have a quick time
to report back from the holiday times
what the other people are still for this
have tasks still seven hours
then we go somehow somehow
something in the direction still makes something
there's something new I'm back again
on the second reason you still have
bridge with what we have before
had recorded
Let's have a look here
from the flight yesterday and so was was only in
barcelona but still it was one
a bit elaborate we
I believe all sorts of things
someone uses transport
could from the hotel with subway first
Train station train to the airport terminal 1
I believe in Barcelona a bus to don 2
then in the plane to Zurich and from
Zurich in the plane to Dusseldorf and
from düsseldorf then again with one
Car in the bus to the parking lot and from the
Parking at the car home that is
bus subway train bus subway train car
plane so to speak five means of transport
yesterday used car can come one
I'll never see you
what this conclusion necessarily now here
but that's what I meant
watch what you can build
karl still has something we still need that
building from the photo niebaum 410,000 das
we do not have that right now
Mystery also costs something like that and somehow
The house of the cinema is the quasi
just in work as I see this has
The contract already grown
the best restaurant 71,000 tonis
Building costs 110 is now the question
I still thought that we and Toni's building
can build or build and with the
Comic seller is also funny
restaurant no but I would
what shall we do that we do one
that is also a day and 12
everything was clear
then you work through and then
again after tonys building the
costs 110000 so why now
valued
76,000 that sounds like and yes so much
first of me effects briefly again
in the second springfield I am looking forward to the
to report back the sewing machine
holiday is over but barcelona is
finally as cool if you want to have it
to go somewhere you can recommend
There was quite a bit to see now
just happened to be during the swim-em
the floating-wm since we knew that before
not because of us on the
olympiaberg the railing was looked at
also very cool and of course as standard
things like fight and current or
something quite interesting and also
The church is just family right
impressive is still somehow im
building and really cool everything can
In any case, ever different
Spend days and then in the evening
still a beer on the beach
So drink the fit there quite well
Let's do a little bit in the morning
Visited something and there you can
even to go to 18:00 still on the beach
The relaxed two hours sun from above
So that's not bad
So you can certainly or or
or 16 right beach goes
then until 18 19 o'clock in any case
sun and then from 20 o'clock or as well
a bit dark but definitely
is that really crass and also blatantly warm
I know all but who has problems
It should be the only thing you can do
have to say really the tracks u se
So in the subway in it
the subway stations there are about 100
but grad in the subway is nice
air conditioned in most at least
And yuan is cheap and so it pays teeth
ticket brought where you then ten rides
with had for ten euros one costs
drive a euro but you could
so drive through the whole city
that means once you are in that
track area was in it could also
between the lines back and forth
change and, so to speak, one would have the
somehow come around all day and
still only one hook that is
Theoretical eu course in any case
very cheap there and you come one year
pretty much everywhere with vacation
Report and I go back only briefly
into the village
then should it for now
win can sign in with
a bit rumblödeln I actually have
in time in barcelona because i
coincidentally from the telekom such a holiday
fractional've seen in the well of the
Internet
by thiemo not on the internet
have seen page I had a week
otherwise I could
in between play a bit
However, take a warm great
there in the hotel room
That's why I always have them now
only money collected as well as have seen
that was just issued
and with that I 'm out again
and we'll meet again soon
when you finish building